Individual checks (#779)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/develop-checks.md

2. Run PMM Server with special environment variables:
 
    - _PMM_DEBUG=1_ to enable debug output that would be useful later;
    - _PERCONA_TEST_CHECKS_FILE=/srv/custom-checks.yml_ to use checks from the local files instead of downloading them from the SaaS.
    - _PERCONA_TEST_CHECKS_DISABLE_START_DELAY=true_ to disable the default check execution start delay. This is currently set to one minute, so that checks run upon system start.
    - _PERCONA_TEST_CHECKS_RESEND_INTERVAL=2s_ to define the frequency for sending the SA-based alerts to Alertmanager.
 
    ```
    docker run -p 80:80 -p 443:443 --name pmm-server \
    -e PMM_DEBUG=1 \
    -e PERCONA_TEST_CHECKS_FILE=/srv/custom-checks.yml \
    -e PERCONA_TEST_CHECKS_DISABLE_START_DELAY=true \
    -e PERCONA_TEST_CHECKS_RESEND_INTERVAL=2s \
    perconalab/pmm-server:dev-latest
    ```
 
3.  Log in to Grafana with credentials **admin/admin**.
 
4. Go to **Configuration > Settings > Advanced Settings** and enable **Advisors**. For PMM 2.26 and older this option is called **Security Threat Tool**.
 

> 4.  Create _/srv/custom-checks.yml_ inside a Docker container with the content of your check.

Reviewer: I think we could specify the exact docker container to create the file in.

```suggestion
4.  Create _/srv/custom-checks.yml_ inside the `pmm-server` container with the content of your check.
```
